docs(recommendations): updated recommendations ui doc (#1249)
empathyco/x: packages/x-components/static-docs/experience-search-and-discovery/recommendations.md

- Show as many product recommendations as you want. Display the total number of recommendations shown.
- Use different layouts: carousel, list, grid. Although, a carousel or horizontal slider panel is the preferred layout.
- Animate the display of the component at your ease.
- Customize content. Although, the name of product recommendations is shown by default.
- Extend the performance with query preview-related components to display related content, such as the suggested query, product result images, and links.

::: 

::: details Brand Recommendations UI experience  

Use the Queries Preview module to configure the layout of Brand Recommendations in your commerce search UI. You can:
- Configure the position and place it wherever you prefer, although it usually appears at the pre-search stage.
- Display the suggested queries and the total number of recommendations shown.
- Use different layouts: carousel, list, grid. Although, a carousel or horizontal slider panel is the preferred layout.
- Animate the display of the component at your ease.
- Customize content. Although, the name of product recommendations is shown by default.

> - Extend the performance with result-related components to display related content, such as product result images and links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customize the Result Cards by combining result data and result components as images or links to match the SERP or create a different component for this use case.
```

<CardCarousel :cards="[
    'ui_ref/recommendations',
    'ui_ref/semantics',
    'ui_ref/preview',
    'ui_ref/nq'
    ]"
/>

::: warning

For correct performance, make sure that your current search service supports
this type of features.

:::

## Tailor the web experience
Based on your business strategy and your shoppers’ needs, the Interface X Components library offers the following configuration options and properties:

::: details Top Products UI experience
Use the Recommendations module to configure the layout of Top Products in your commerce search UI. You can:
- Configure the position and place it wherever you prefer, although it commonly appears on the SERP, among the product results.
- Show as many product recommendations as you want.
- Animate the display of the component at your ease.
- Customize content. Show whatever you need: text, images, icons.
- Extend the performance with result-related components.

:::

::: details Vectorized Recommendations UI experience    

Use the Semantics Queries module to configure the layout of Vectorized Recommendations in your commerce search UI. You can:

> - Configure the position and place it wherever you prefer, although it usually appears on the SERP, among the product results.

Reviewer: As we will start using it in the No results scenario, I would include here a sentence clarifying that there are these two possibilities, use it in the Grid as Query Expansion, or suit in the No Result layout, that makes sens to you?

- Show as many product recommendations as you want. Display the total number of recommendations shown.
- Use different layouts: carousel, list, grid. Although, a carousel or horizontal slider panel is the preferred layout.
- Animate the display of the component at your ease.
- Customize content. Although, the name of product recommendations is shown by default.
- Extend the performance with query preview-related components to display related content, such as the suggested query, product result images, and links.

::: 

::: details Brand Recommendations UI experience  

Use the Queries Preview module to configure the layout of Brand Recommendations in your commerce search UI. You can:
- Configure the position and place it wherever you prefer, although it usually appears at the pre-search stage.
- Display the suggested queries and the total number of recommendations shown.
- Use different layouts: carousel, list, grid. Although, a carousel or horizontal slider panel is the preferred layout.
- Animate the display of the component at your ease.
- Customize content. Although, the name of product recommendations is shown by default.

> - Extend the performance with result-related components to display related content, such as product result images and links.

Reviewer: Having said this a couple of bullets before:

Use different layouts: carousel, list, grid. Although, a carousel or horizontal slider panel is the preferred layout.

What is the intention of this one?
